All right. Well, then let's play some
geogesser. We can do the UK version. Be
good at the UK. I don't think I'm going
to do any carrying if I'm really honest
with you. I'm not very good at this.
Nero, we're in the middle of a field.
Oh. Uh, at least let us start somewhere
with signs or anything. That looks like
a sign over there. Hold on. We should be
looking near Taran Kane's ton. The sign
is a typical English countryside
footpath sign and Taran Kane's ton is
endorsed. I thought you said you were
bad at geoc. I did. I'm just lucky to
have spotted that sign about the
footpath to Taran Kane's ton. I see. I
can't even read that. The
signel. So, we should look around
Scotland. Oh, so no, wait. We're going
from Dorset to Scotland. It's underscore
probably underscore somewhere near
Rianel. So, definitely not Scotland.
Strath Migio.
Oh, let's look around F in Scotland for
Strath Miglo. I'm sure we'll find it.
sign.
The Faullands. If I had any sense of
geography, I would know where we were
now.
The Faulland Islands are a British
overseas territory in the South Atlantic
Ocean. Yes. Thank you, Narrow. I was
describing the Faullands, not Faulland,
which is in F Scotland. Ah, I see.
That's that's much more helpful. Okay,
so we're in Scotland then. Let's have a
look. I am looking for F so hard right
now. Okay, I'm going to pick a location,
Nero, and we'll see how close we got.
Okay, it's based on your instructions,
so it should be pretty good. You better
get it right.
We were pretty close. We were 22 mi out
from the location. 22 mi is literally
nothing. We were basically right on the
dot. We are going to the next round now.
Oh no, I think we're still in the UK. I
see more cloudy stuff. Famously, only
the UK has clouds. Oh, I see a phone
number. What's the area code? 01284.
01284 is Berry Street Edmonds. I have to
thank my best friend's search engine for
that. I don't know if search engineing
the area codes is actually something
we're allowed to do. I'm going to guess
like somewhere north of Berry Street
Edmmonds. You think north of it? Okay,
we can do that. If we're actually right,
then I think we might be professional
geogers. Ooh, it was like it was further
north than I thought, but it was it was
it was in the same kind of area. It was
about 40 mi away. That's not bad at all.
No, it was in Home Next the Sea, which
I've never heard of. Okay, ready for the
next round? I was born ready.
Apparently, we are near Dover and the
Channel Tunnel. If the Channel Tunnel is
east of us, then that means we're
probably somewhere around here. Am I
correctly remembering that the distance
on the motorway means the distance to
the next junction? Oh, yeah. It's 3/4
miles to junction 12 of the M20. We got
to find junction 12 then. Uh I was just
going to settle for being like roughly
in the same location. We can get this
exact. You You want to get this exact?
You want me to find the motorway and
find the exact junction that we're about
to head on to? Yes. Okay. Problem is I
don't actually know how far 3/4 of a
mile is on this map. 3/4 mile is 1.2 km.
Not sure what that is in terms of map
distance though. Have you junction 12
yet? We need to be 3/4 mile away from
it. I don't know where junction 12 is on
the map. Nero, check the M20. Okay, I'm
looking at the M20. Are we on the M20 or
we Wait, junction 11A. Is that a
junction? Junction 12. We're by kids
planet. I think we're here. I'm
guessing. I'm
guessing. Ner, we were within 2 miles of
the exact location. 2 miles is awful. We
could do better. You said earlier that
20 m was great. Well, we've raised our
standard since then. Okay. Well, we can
also look at our results. We didn't
quite get the gold medal, but that's
okay because we got silver. Silver is
kind of mid, not going to lie. That's
true because it is exactly in the middle
of this bar. Would you like to explore
the rest of the world? Of course. Okay,
we are on our first world map. I think
we're at a tourist destination because
this sign has like a bunch of different
languages on them. Looking at the shops,
which I can't pronounce. I'm getting big
Belgium vibes. When in doubt, go with
your gut. Straight send it. Straight
send it. Okay. Anywhere in particular
would you like to hit for Belgium? Uh,
I'm thinking slightly north of Brussels.
Let's say Heist Openberg because I like
that name. Yeah, let's go with We were
within 20 m. Is that good this time? No.
Okay, this one looks like Europe for
sure. Spain. Somewhere quite hot. Would
Spain have this many fields? Honestly,
I've forgotten what other countries even
exist. Brain empty. Yo, same. Those are
Thai flags. It's 100% Thailand. Let's
just lock in. Okay, but where in
Thailand do you want to pick? Let's just
do Bangkok because how else would we
know? Okay, that sounds good. If this
isn't within 200 m, then I will be sad.
It was within 78 mi. You don't have to
be sad. We did a great job. Wow, I'm
actually very happy with that. Maybe
next time we can get within 50 m,
though. What's the next one? Uh, the
middle of nowhere. I kind of think it's
the southwestern United States. Like
Nevada. Arizona or Utah? What do you
think? We could do Colorado. We could
try and find like a mountains and There
seems to be a lot of burnt trees. Is
that normal in Colorado? I don't know.
I've never been. Yeah, that makes sense.
I'm pretty confident we're around
Colorado. So, if we pick somewhere near
the border with Utah, I think we'll get
it. Okay, I'm going to pick here. Okay,
I'm
ready. How close were we? Uh, so rather
than 50 m, it was 500 miles. But
otherwise, I think we nailed it. That's
an extra zero. Isn't that even better?
Bigger number, better person. Yep. Um,
we're in the middle of nowhere. There's
There's literally nothing. Is this can
or reminds me of like the Wizard of Oz?
There's just there's just nothing. Where
is everything? There might not be much
around, but nothing is truly empty. It's
a bit like my head. Same. We're not very
good at this geogesser thing, are we? I
think we're doing wonderfully. We've
gotten within like 20 miles multiple
times. Nurero, we might not be in the
US. Look, that literally says Russian
Post. We're obviously in Russia.
Fortunately, Russia is really small, so
chances of us guessing within 20 m is
getting higher by the moment. You never
know. We might just get ridiculously
lucky. I mean, there is like this one
section here that's very flat with no
mountains, so I could pick this road. Do
you think you have a 1 in 10 chance? I'd
say so. I like those odds. I'm sending
it.
God speed. Okay, I have bad news. Please
don't tell me we're in the completely
wrong country. Uh, no. It is Russia.
Yeah. 1,500 m in Russia is like nothing
at all. That's basically 20 m in a
bigger country. Exactly. That's a good
way to think about it. We basically
nailed it. All right, let's have a look
at our total score. We got over 10,000,
right? We did. We did. And if you look
at a silver medal in a particular way,
it looks like a platinum medal. So, we
basically got platinum. Big W. Hell
yeah. I'm up for doing the world again
if you are. Okay. We're exploring the
world again. I don't know why. I just
got Netherlands vibes. I don't know why.
I think it's North America. Probably
USA. Canada. Canada has these types of
houses, though. I mean, the houses are
gigantic and half of them are garages.
So, actually, I revise what I I said. I
think it's America. Look how big these
are. It could still easily be Canada.
Canadians love their cars, too, and have
similar house styles. It's so hard to
tell the difference between US and
Canadian suburbs. You're right. You're
right. Flag spotted. Now, which specific
Canadian city do you think it could be?
Uh, I mean, I think it's probably a big
city cuz this feels like a huge suburb.
Holy moly, look at the size of this
house. It feels very Ontario to me.
Yeah, I could be wrong, but I'd say
Ontario. I have no idea about Canadian
towns and where they are. I think you're
right. But whereabouts there, do you
think? Probably Peterborough. Wait,
there's a Peter Burrow in Canada? Yeah,
I think it's north of Toronto. So, we
found the name of the town, Nero. It's
Ingleboro is actually the town, but I
don't know where that is. If we know
it's in Canada, maybe we should just
look around the map there. The whole of
Canada. Okay. Okay. Hey, while you're
looking, I'll recite my ABCs. A B C D E
F G
A. That was pretty good. Thanks. That's
all I know, though. Okay, now find
Ingleboro. Q R S T U V W X Y and Z.
That's the mall. I didn't find it in
time for you to finish your ABCs.
Engleboroough is in Bmpton, Ontario, I
think. Honestly, I don't. Honestly, I
don't know where it is. I found an
orthodontist. Oh, then just pick
somewhere in Bmpton. There's like a ton
of suburbs over here. I'm going to pick
over here. I think we were within 5.4
miles. Nice. We could have done better
though. Hugely average, I'd say. Yeah, I
guess so. It's okay. We'll do even
better next round. All right. This looks
like the UK. As someone born and raised
in the UK, I can confirm. Do you think
you could narrow down where in the UK?
This place looks pretty wealthy.
Somerset. I have relatives in Somerset.
That's no wonder you were able to find
it. Not that I would be able to pinpoint
Somerset on the map. Do you not remember
where Somerset is?
I put my bets on Yoo. You I don't know
what that is. There's a Yoo hospital.
The Preston. I'm willing to bet at least
10 Bob that we're within 10. If you're
feeling confident, then go for it. and I
believe in you. Do you feel safe with
me? We were within 800 yd narrow. Whoa.
That's all down to my excellent
intuition. Are your next round? Hm.
Where do you think this one is? Uh, do
you have any ideas where we might be on
Geoger Nero? That sign looks like it has
Canada, the language spoken in Carnotica
on it, which I think is in India. Oh, I
see. I see. Wait, it could also be
Tamil, which is spoken in India and Sri
Lanka. Should we guess in between the
two? I can never remember the language
differences. If it helps, I wouldn't
have been able to even guess that much.
Okay, so we're guessing India then. Do
you think I was correct about it being
Canada? I would say that I have
absolutely no idea. So I have to defer
to your expertise. We could do like
here. Yeah, I'm happy with that. Not bad
for the first round. It's It's actually
the last round. Nero, this is our final
guess. Oh no, I have bad news. I mean,
it was towards the south part of here.
It could be worse. We still got 3,994
points. I think I'm happy with that. It
just sounds like a lot of numbers to me.
We got gold narrow. You got a gold
medal. You're my little lime. You
deserve one, too. We will share the gold
medal. 50/50.
Mhm. Mhm. You did a great job. We
guessed a lot of stuff. I think it was
very successful. I had a lot of fun, so
I consider it very successful, too. What
matters more is that I enjoyed the time
I spend with you, Lime. We should hang
out more. We should. I'll ask Vetle if
we can and then if he says no, I'll I'll
beg him. Bye bye.